# iste422_ex07


# Objectives:
- Processes involved in creating a simple one-off a.k.a. ad-hoc solution to a problem
- Processes involved in documenting a solution with enough detail for others to replicate

# Assignment:
You got your hands on some data that was leaked and you want to help the poor people. Luckily you know a government service to automatically block a list of credit cards. The service is a little old school though and you have to upload two CSV files in the exact format expected. The upload fails if the CSV files contain invalid data.

1. The first CSV file should have two columns, Name and Credit Card, and exclude records without a credit card number.

2. The second CSV file should have two columns, Name and SSN.

Using the file pii-data as the input, create a solution in the form of a short program or a series of commands to generate these CSV files.

The generated files will have the name in the format of YYYYMMDD_SSN.csv and YYYYMMDD_CC, with YYYYMMDD being the date the program is run. The date in the filename must be 8 characters long with leading zeros for single-digit values. For example, 20250305.csv is correct, 202535.csv or 2535.csv are not.

You may use any language to solve the problem: Java, Python, Shell, PowerShell, JavaScript, PHP, Lisp, emulated DEC 11/780 assembly, Postscript, .... The only caveat is that it MUST be executable locally on a standard device. If there are programs that need to be installed you must include this in your instructions with links and version numbers!

Upload your source code to the assignment dropbox. Also upload instructions on how to run your command.

# Submit:
1. Your solution with the command(s), source code, or script to run. If you are submitting a compiled artifact the source code MUST be attached.

2. Instructions on how to run your script or application. 
    -  Include OS and/or platform such as: repl.it, Mac, PC, Linux, Raspberry Pi 4; and version (Windows 10, Rocky 9, MacOS Sequoia 15.2, ...)
    - Include any software that needs to be installed (interpreter/compiler, IDE, ...), version number, and how to obtain (URL, package manager command, ...) including link if applicable.

Note that the generated csv files are not required to be submitted

# Notes
- The SSNs in this file are randomly generated and completely fictitious. So is the rest of the data.
- Differences consisting only of quotes/spaces/tabs and ordering of records between your results and generated by the examples given are acceptable.
- Special note about a browser-based solution: the data.json file could theoretically change so must be uploaded. To earn full credit, the records cannot be hardcoded into an HTML or JavaScript file
- I will be running your command/script/application to verify your results; it's not sufficient that it runs on your system or on a private server or RIT app server.
- Your solution can be a simple script, or can be a complicated environment (e.g. an app running inside a container like Docker), but a more complex solution may require more description of how to set it up and run it.

# how to run

in bash
node generateCsv.js
